# Output files

Stackmate generates configuration files when running the `init` or `deploy` command. Let's break them down and see what can be committed to source control and what not.

### What gets generated on the “init” process

When running [`stackmate init`](../commands/stackmate-init.md) will generate a directory within the parent working directory called `.stackmate` and a `config.yaml` or `config.json` file inside, depending on the [format](../commands/stackmate-init.md#options) you choose to use. Given that you're running this command on your project's root directory, the directory structure, will look something like this:

```
my-project
│   ...
├── .stackmate
│   └── config.yml
├── ...
└── index.html
```

### What gets generated on the “deploy” process

When running [`stackmate deploy`](../commands/stackmate-deploy.md), the following files get generated:

* Environment stack files
* Terraform internal files
* Deployment status files

### Should I commit the files that are generated by Stackmate?

**Yes, but you should have a quick look first**. We designed stackmate in such a way that every auto-generated file, is safe to commit to Git (or any other source control you're using). However, bugs are bugs and sometimes things happen, so it is **strongly advised** that you have a look at what is about to be committed.

### Where does stackmate keep my secrets?

Stackmate doesn't know about your secrets. They're generated when you deploy a stage as random values and they're safely stored in whatever credentials service you [configure under `secrets`](../configuration/secrets.md). You can use the `stackmate resources` command to view them or if you visit the credentials service directly. For example, if you choose `aws` as your credentials service, all of your secrets will be stored in AWS Secrets Manager, namespaced under `/<project-name>/<environment>/<service-name>`.
